What is the time complexity of bubble sort?
What is the time complexity of quicksort?
What is the difference between an array and a linked list?
What is the time complexity of linear search?
What is the time complexity of binary search?
What is the time complexity of insertion sort?
What is the time complexity of selection sort?
What is the time complexity of merge sort?
What is the time complexity of heapsort?
What is the time complexity of Dijkstra's shortest path algorithm?
What is the time complexity of Bellman-Ford algorithm?
What is the time complexity of A* algorithm?
What is the time complexity of Floyd-Warshall algorithm?
What is the time complexity of Kruskal's minimum spanning tree algorithm?
What is the time complexity of Prim's minimum spanning tree algorithm?
What is the time complexity of Breadth-first search?
What is the time complexity of Depth-first search?
What is the time complexity of backtracking algorithm?
How would you implement a bubble sort algorithm in Python?
How would you implement a quicksort algorithm in Python?
Given a singly linked list, write a function to delete a node in the middle of the list (not the first or last node) in Python?
How would you implement a linear search algorithm in Python?
How would you implement a binary search algorithm in Python?
How would you implement an insertion sort algorithm in Python?
How would you implement a selection sort algorithm in Python?
How would you implement a merge sort algorithm in Python?
How would you implement a heapsort algorithm in Python?
How would you implement Dijkstra's shortest path algorithm in Python?
How would you implement Bellman-Ford algorithm in Python?
How would you implement A* algorithm in Python?
How would you implement Floyd-Warshall algorithm in Python?
How would you implement Kruskal's minimum spanning tree algorithm in Python?
How would you implement Prim's minimum spanning tree algorithm in Python?
How would you implement Breadth-first search in Python?
How would you implement Depth-first search in Python?
How would you implement backtracking algorithm to find all subsets of a given set in Python?
How would you implement the knapsack problem using dynamic programming in Python?
How would you implement a greedy algorithm to find the Huffman code for a given set of characters in Python?
What is the difference between file and folder ? 
What is the main difference between Git and Github ?
